and it always seems a little cliché to
start the videos I don't know if I'm going to
end up changing the greeting this what's up
kids it makes me a little sad
because it's legendary but I swear it's
hard for me to start
the video there's no way I start talking and I launch myself popopopo pupo pupo I make you works of art today I bring you a video that will not leave anyone indifferent but come on you can never complain I always bring you very interesting topics what the [ __ ] this week of a [ __ ] photo on instagram between his
brother in naut him and I can bring
a few videos of 15 or 20 minutes
each and I call that art I
call that art in the profession of a
photo taking hours of content is
wonderful I also see that there are a lot of
people worried lately in the
comments about my hair you
see I understand okay I would also
worry about something so precious not
so pretty in fact I think that along
with the Giralda it is considered one of the
best monuments to visit here  yes it's
true that maybe it's getting
a little bit out of hand okay a little bit maybe a
little bit out of hand the thing about not fighting
and all that okay I like to have it long but
look it has its good things and its
bad things no so the truth is that it's very difficult for me to
comb my hair that I spend more
money on the house
also things that I save when I go
on a motorcycle and I save on putting on my helmet
okay that joke was quite embarrassing
yeah I was complaining about the intro at the
beginning of the video but then
absolutely a joke worthy of iun haha
from maite what the child says that she has an
existential void that leads her to
find herself in this world that is
so superficial
for ccoo what the child says that she is
going to pass that it was just a simple dizziness
and they won't see okay maybe I recognize
a little that it's getting a little bit out of
hand to the point that I think that these
here are no longer for you it has already
become the mudguards of a
cucumber but look there are several factors
okay I have an explanation for everything one of
them is that it is very hot in Seville and it
gives me data laziness goes out on the street
the second  it's that I like that I like
having long hair and the third is that my
tattoo has gotten a little infected I don't
want to go out while it's
daytime okay because the less
sun I get the better but anyway I think I'm going to
skip telling you about my life I'm going to
talk to you about the main character of
today's video more specifically she's a
girl her name is sara mcdaniel and she's a
famous model very famous in fact she
became so well known and was so successful
as a model apart from her beauty
because the girl is very pretty things
as they are because of a special characteristic
that their physiques have called hetero
chrome I know that many more
of you thought with how badly I pronounce I
had understood something stranger no
and no I didn't say that I would eat you okay that I did
n't say hetero chrome now after
having started the video like that in what I am
clear that it can only get
better okay because
hetero chrome can't get worse it is no longer an illness or
a disability
bad the only thing that happens is that it is an
imbalance of melanin in the
body and among other things it affects the
color of the  eyes this girl in particular
has one brown eye and another light
blue eye and it's a very
peculiar thing okay it's not a very common thing there
's barely like 200 thousand people in the
world who have it and apparently from what I'm
hearing it's something more
common in animals
compared to xerez in villafranca les in and
technology variety recently with
someone in the one heart gent escudo
according to one account this girl and I want to
save this detail for the end of the
video it was but chrome already started to hit her
in the face weeks after she was
born and throughout her life she has
had difficulties and has had to
fight against the bullying she has suffered from
children who picked on
her and well the usual story not
typical of kids there are several
popular people who suffer from this
condition such as demi moore and
sometimes she pronounces
words well it was also said of the successful
singer david bowie who also seems to have had
heteronomy but not what he had
of bimbo oh he was not hetero chrome and
endorsements these show business machines what their
eyes have is that they have one
pupil larger than the other but  this is
not due to 90 chrome and abal this is
due to a fight she had when she was
young and she was left with after-effects and what I
was telling you yes there are several
popular people who have this
condition only they have spent their
careers they have done and the one who is an icon
a representation of the chrome estuary is
now if you search the word hetero
chrome now on google to inform a
little surely you will come across a ton
of photos of her on different websites
with this specific photo that I am
putting on screen was with the photo that
Sara McDaniel became famous I don't know what you
think but to me apart from seeming like a
beauty who has an incredible physique the
fact that she has this
very special characteristic well it makes her much
more striking no in fact today in
the world of fashion there is a lot of search to
include special people in their
beauty standards for the simple
reason that all that part of the
population feels identified and not
everyone and here the typical 90-60-90
blonde girls with light eyes or
gorgeous brunettes and here  I have to give you an
example
Harlow will you forgive my
pronunciation wow with the sun I know or
from the USA this beautiful girl despite
her condition is the first girl with
vitiligo to walk the
Cibeles catwalk and it's something that as
I was saying I love not because we
always see the typical
physically perfect models with
spectacular measurements and all the
ordinary people of the population are not like that
percent since we are here I
comment that this disease this is a
disease vitiligo yes it is a
skin disease that causes you to have
various shades of skin on the body
this is what my god Michael
Jackson had that many people accused him of
wanting to whiten his skin and such no
what Michael Jackson had was this and what
Michael did which by the way we will
talk about this in a video that I am
preparing for soon at
first he would hide the
white spot by coloring I know how black
makeup and then when he had more
white on his skin than black he would do the
opposite the black patches  alone she
wore white makeup because the fact is that
for the fashion world
Sara McDaniel was the icon of
heteronomy she was the representative of
heteronomy this girl has achieved
incredible achievements in her career
among them she has participated in music videos
of this very famous
in social networks she was the first
attention to this the first cover of
Playboy magazine without nudity there is no
need for me to explain what
Playboy magazine is about no way this girl
conquered the hearts of the whole world
without offering a nude and she has even
had several roles in the world of
cinema and very well valued by the way what
is the problem because I understand that you assume
that we are making this video
for a reason no the problem is that she does
not have it she does not have a
snail eye or let's take out August the
world this girl took a day and took
a picture with a blue contact lens
the photo broke and the girl began to
become very well known in the networks and
stretching the gum activated the gum
activated the lie has pulled the
entity to such an extent that it can be
stoned if we look at several photos
of their social networks, for example,
this one that I'm taking from their Instagram
we can differentiate various shades
of blue in the different photos, even
in some the dilation of the pupil
plays a trick on her and it becomes transparent
to the brown color underneath the blue and this
is something that people have noticed and that they have been
reprimanding on several occasions.
Also, keep in mind when you see me up
close the camera, keep in mind that
if the girl uses a contact lens you
will be able to see it, okay, I don't know what
colored contact lenses are like because I've never
tried them but I use them life to see
and it shows, I mean, here on camera many
times you don't notice it if I say
that I assure you that I do, but in person face to face
if you look me in the eyes and you realize
especially people who
use contact lenses we realize
that someone else also wears them, so of
course I imagine that I have done through
social networks, well, it can still
work but once
things start to do in-person interviews on
television, photo shoots, people
face to face, I think that they would notice that in
fact if people  I notice dubbing of her I have
put many times even
when her business began to fall apart
the big modeling agency
for which she worked ended up
firing her Perez who to
this day the girl not only has not
recognized him yet after the big
catch and other things that I am going to show
now and if she did not have enough
exposure with which people have
realized the moment has come in which
her own father exposed her apparently he
has a bad relationship with his father
because of the divorce with his mother the
separation apparently has been
quite quite complicated it
seems to me to understand that the father when he
left the mother he went with a man
became homosexual and went with a man and
this apparently by the family has not
taken it well at all he has not been able to
assimilate it and has had many problems
with his father and a very bad relationship which does
not seem like a reason to me at all I want to
make clear my excuse whatsoever for the
father to take and expose her is that I do not
find the exposure
that the father makes justifiable at all because specifically what he
did was upload to scare a photo
of her when she was little with two
brown eyes to see  I don't think it's
right what the father did
because you're
interfering in your daughter's career, in other words, you
're directly throwing [ __ ] at
your daughter's work with the sole
intention of ruining the
previous father is saying that he's doing it for
her own good because yes, how true that the
girl has gone crazy, I'm going to
tell you why and it turns out that
as I was saying, the girl did not
recognize her at any time nor has she
apologized or anything
far from it what she has done was undergo
an operation to change
the color of her eye, that is, you are too
strong, I did not know to what extent I in the
subject of surgical operations
when they are for aesthetic reasons, on the one hand, I do
not like it, I respect whoever does it
but I do not like it because
going into an operating room and always
putting yourself in a kilo,
I think it can have a certain risk
for your health, I do not know, I am not an expert
but it gives me a certain respect because I
think something can happen to you even if
the risk is minimal because today there are
many advances, I believe that always a
minimal  possibility may exist there and
I partly believe that people
should not undergo surgery
unless it is for a matter of life or
death but just on a whim to
change the color of your eyes to
get breasts or a butt or
other things but it is true that I
also understand people who
do it because hypocritically on my part, for
example, if one day I became
bald I am sure that I would undergo a
hair transplant for sure okay
because I am a person who does not want to
see myself burdened in life okay it would be like a
complex for me so I understand that
a person who suffers from a certain complex and
can afford it, then undergoes this
type of operation but as long as at
least since it puts you in, it
meets certain safety standards, not
hygiene standards, of the regulations and from what you
are informing me about this operation,
which I did not even have any idea
existed, that it could change the
color of your eyes, it is something that
today is not well advanced,
in fact it is prohibited in most
countries of the world because well, because it is not
working well, it is
bringing many things  bad okay it's not
yet it's not yet that
advanced it is illegal in almost all
countries including the USA and this girl has
gone to India to get surgery to
[ __ ] India and I insist this operation is
very very dangerous it has totally put her
health at risk in fact if you do
a search for this operation on the
internet if you want you can search on
youtube there are a ton of videos you are
going to find a ton of
people who have had it go wrong and they
regret it but they are going to remember it for the
rest of their lives because
many of them have even lost their
vision I am not going to leave images
of other influencers here who did it and in
complete these girls well there are
flexible photos that means that in
places where there is a certain amount of light she cannot
be because she can't stand it and her
eyesight is worse than a 90 year old she
regrets and will regret for the rest of her life
having committed the madness of traveling and I think
the bank has changed the color
of her eyes Sara for each you are crazy about
the boy the father hid behind this
issue on the subject of  the operation to have
gone out to put them because they say
the girls
are going completely crazy, which is a
lie to us and the fact is that she is only
21 years old and she has risked her health
totally, meaning she could have gone
blind with the nonsense of continuing with the
lie, she leaves a message saying that
whoever lives a lie will
never get out of it, that she will remain trapped in
it forever, referring to her daughter
and well I'm going to leave here the last
message that she posted talking about her in case you
want to stop the video and read it
calmly, it is in English, yes, and
to finish the video, I'm going to
leave you with this reflection, no, this has
left me in a bad mood, dude, they
already have the fame, they already have the
followers, you are pretty, you have already shown
all the talent that you have to show
how far a person can be
willing to continue with their lie
before apologizing and continue with your normal, ordinary career,
wanting to interpret and pretend to be
something that you are not on the internet is nothing
new, okay, it is not as such an
extra problem in our day to day, okay, when
we are seeing them influencers
both on YouTube and Instagram, like
even when we are seeing
famous people from the neighborhood on  Facebook in
most cases we are seeing
what people want us to see a lot of
people are transmitting happiness
trying to make us envious by showing us everything they have
in life
and then maybe when they turn off their
phone or computer they have a
shitty life and are lonelier than ever
that in itself is not a problem no
I think that everyone in a way
wants to look their best
for the gallery even if they want to
play a role in an artistic way it is
not that bad the problem in
what seems a bit frivolous to me
is that this girl as I said at the
beginning of the video has been going around
giving moral classes to people and
selling that she had to fight a lot
when she was little against bullying and
now that she has triumphed she remembers
everyone who has laughed at her don't
be a bit frivolous don't play with this I don't
know I'm going to be reading two in the
comments okay it seems to me a
very interesting topic to debate let's see
what you think and well I hope
you liked this video subscribe
if you don't know me
and I'll see you in the next one
ah